hi this is our b54 for himer moto which
is up for sale I do a couple of videos
when we outside on the inside and if you
have a look on our tour co uk you'll
find lots of photographs and information
there as well he is left and drive but
his UK legal so he's got UK legal lights
if you have quick look you can see
they've got the still got the deflectors
fitted so they're legal in Europe as
well at the moment you can peel those
off if you want to and he's got the fog
light fitted as well on the right side
of the back which we had done service
he's got a full service history and he's
got four good tires ties
grellus on the front limit limbs down
the back yeah let's just come off to the
side this is one feature we found quite
useful he's got quite good glam ground
clearance so it's not very much
underneath him and he's pretty short
overhang at the back so it's quite a
good for row where you've got changes in
slope okay self you look at it see what
we can see on the side so got the filler
cap there you've got access to internal
storage just here you've got the driver
side door and with a little step to get
into you've got good sized window that's
the exhaust for the heating inside that
I'll show you this is a 240 volt 40 volt
hookup now there's a toilet empty in
spot this is a slot that goes inside to
the shower inside I'll show you in a
minute and you can take the shower
outside another shower out here which is
quite nice when you're a Greek Beach and
you need to have a shower outside okay
so look around the back so see he's got
a two bike bike rack fitted you can
easily pop that on and off as you see
fit and there's the fog light for the UK
LGB sticker that's not much else to show
you show you there that's the exhaust
for the fridge
come around to this side
so got down here down over here there's
a 30 litre LPG tank which M runs the
fridge and the heating water in our
heating inside doesn't drive the engine
that if you've then got the habitation
door at the back there this is a lock
which I'll show you in each slide across
the front give you an extra lock as a
water filter just here and there's an
external gas BBQ point if you want to
run a gas BBQ off your LBT you can do
that with that just that and then it's
got wine out all in fitted as well
on top which you can't see this 100 watt
solar panel which recharges your laser
battery so that's always nicely chopped
up and as your batteries also charge
when you're driving the engine or if you
unhook up there's a charger inside to do
that all is one last thing this little
tiny dot here I'll show you that that's
where the year we fill the LPG tank up
so when you take it to a garish LPG
there's a little attachment there's a
couple of minutes either value just
screw in there and then Philip LPG and
we've never been refused in two years of
driving around Europe I think that's
that oh yeah that's just it's just the
step there to see I'll show you that
when I do the next video looking around
inside there the fridge vents I'll show
you the the door lock so that comes
across the a little opting plate on that
just there and then you can see it
covers both half the door just the doors
in two halves
if you want to you can have the bottom
part the door lot and the top door open
some fresh air are you going agree much